README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">🔺 Add PostCSS to Svelte</h1>

## ❓ What is this?
This is an **experimental** command to run to add PostCSS to your SvelteKit project.

## 🛠 Usage
You must start with a fresh copy of the official SvelteKit template, which is currently created by running this command:
```sh
npm init svelte@next
```

Once that is set up, run this command in your project directory to set up PostCSS:
```sh
npx svelte-add postcss
```

After the preset runs,
* You can write PostCSS syntax in the `style` blocks in Svelte files.

* You can write PostCSS syntax in the `src/global.css` file.
  
  This is your global stylesheet because it will be active on every page of your site.

* All your CSS will be minified for production with CSSNano.

* You can install more [PostCSS plugins](https://github.com/postcss/postcss/blob/main/docs/plugins.md) and configure them in the `postcss.config.cjs` file.

* You can apply *another* [Svelte Adder](https://github.com/svelte-add/svelte-adders) to your project for more functionality. Specifically, check out [svelte-add/tailwindcss](https://github.com/svelte-add/tailwindcss).

## 😵 Help! I have a question
[Create an issue](https://github.com/svelte-add/postcss/issues/new) and I'll try to help.

## 😡 Fix! There is something that needs improvement
[Create an issue](https://github.com/svelte-add/postcss/issues/new) or [pull request](https://github.com/svelte-add/postcss/pulls) and I'll try to fix.

These are new tools, so there are likely to be problems in this project. Thank you for bringing them to my attention or fixing them for me.

## 📄 License
MIT

---

*Repository preview image generated with [GitHub Social Preview](https://social-preview.pqt.dev/)*

_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_

Commit message:

📄 docs: advertise non-SvelteKit Vite support

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">🔺 Add PostCSS to Svelte</h1>

## ❓ What is this?
This is an **experimental** command to run to add PostCSS to your SvelteKit project or Vite-powered Svelte app.

## 🧰 Adding to SvelteKit
You must start with a fresh copy of the official SvelteKit template, which is currently created by running this command:
```sh
npm init svelte@next
```

Once that is set up, run this command in your project directory to set up PostCSS:
```sh
npx svelte-add postcss
```

## ⚡️ Adding to Vite
You must start with a fresh copy of the official Vite-powered Svelte app template, which is currently created by running this command:
```sh
npm init @vitejs/app  # Choose svelte or svelte-ts
```

Once that is set up, run this command in your project directory to set up PostCSS:
```sh
npx svelte-add postcss
```

## 🛠 Usage
After the adder runs,
* You can write PostCSS syntax in the `style` blocks in Svelte files.

* You can write PostCSS syntax in the `src/global.css` file.
  
  This is your global stylesheet because it will be active on every page of your site.

* All your CSS will be minified for production with CSSNano.

* You can install more [PostCSS plugins](https://github.com/postcss/postcss/blob/main/docs/plugins.md) and configure them in the `postcss.config.cjs` file.

* You can apply *another* [Svelte Adder](https://github.com/svelte-add/svelte-adders) to your project for more functionality. Specifically, check out [svelte-add/tailwindcss](https://github.com/svelte-add/tailwindcss).

## 😵 Help! I have a question
[Create an issue](https://github.com/svelte-add/postcss/issues/new) and I'll try to help.

## 😡 Fix! There is something that needs improvement
[Create an issue](https://github.com/svelte-add/postcss/issues/new) or [pull request](https://github.com/svelte-add/postcss/pulls) and I'll try to fix.

These are new tools, so there are likely to be problems in this project. Thank you for bringing them to my attention or fixing them for me.

## 📄 License
MIT

---

*Repository preview image generated with [GitHub Social Preview](https://social-preview.pqt.dev/)*

_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_
